.TH XPYBAR 1 XPYBAR
.SH NAME
xpybar - A highly extensible minimalistic dock panel configured in Python 3
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR xpybar
.IR "" [ OPTION ]...
[\-\-
.IR CONFIGURATION_OPTION ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR xpybar
is a minimalistic dock panel with high extensibility.
Its source code is designed so that all parts of it can
be replaced by a configuration script. This is one of the
reasons
.BR xpybar
is written in Python.
.PP
.BR xpybar
itself is very small, but it comes with a large array of
extensions (installed to </usr/share/xpybar/plugins>).
The extensions come with associated configuration script
examples (installed to </usr/share/xpybar/examples/plugins>.)
There are some additional examples in </usr/share/xpybar/examples>.
.PP
The configuration script must be written in Python 3,
it will be loaded as part of the
.BR xpybar 's
source code itself.
.IR CONFIGURATION_OPTION
will be available to the configuration script via the
variable \fBconfig_file\fP, which is a list.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c ,\  \-\-configurations \ \fIFILE\fP
Select configuration script. If not used, the program
will search for a file named \fIxpybarrc\fP or \fI.xpybarrc\fP
(depending on the directory) in the usual configuration
directories.
.TP
.BR \-h ,\  \-? ,\  \-\-help
Print this help information.
.TP
.BR \-v ,\  \-\-version
Print program name and version.
.TP
.BR \-C ,\  \-\-copying ,\  \-\-copyright
Print copyright information.
.TP
.BR \-W ,\  \-\-warranty
Print non-warranty information.
.SH RATIONALE
There are a lot of panel projects, too many for me to
have tried all of them.
.BR xpybar
is intended to replace
.BR dzen2 ,
.BR xmobar ,
and eventually
.BR mate-panel ,
for me, with one single panel. This makes it ease to
pack data into a much smaller space.
.BR xpybar
is also designed to be easier to extend and customise than
.BR xmobar ,
in a language understood by more users.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dmenu (1),
.BR metar (1),
.BR stlarch_icons
.PP
Full documentation available locally via: info \(aq(xpybar)\(aq
.SH AUTHORS
Principal author, Mattias Andrée.  See the COPYING file for the full
list of authors.
.SH LICENSE
Copyright \(co 2014, 2015, 2016  Mattias Andrée
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>, and
License AGPLv3+: GNU AGPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to https://github.com/maandree/xpybar/issues or to
maandree@member.fsf.org
